hey welcome to pam dinner's monthly
webinar so happy to have you here
i want to talk about how you can create
global content marketing strategy
now three topics i want to talk about
number one
how to think about global content right
so the thinking approach
number two what are the core elements
that needs to be included as a part of
plan
number three what about localization and
the repurposing of content
what should you do about that so let's
get started with trying to create global
content plans
is complicated right i have to tell you
it's complicated content marketing by
itself
is complicated enough but if you want to
scale
and the more on the global scales it's
hard
right so people drink a lot if you are
doing global content marketing trust me
i was one of them and you fight a lot
you know
between uh different divisions or the
business unit or even within different
marketing functions
and you do a lot of therapy sessions oh
if you feel stressed
about content marketing try to scale to
a different
region you are not alone
i want to say that one more time you are
not alone and you feel frustrated you
feel depressed
you feel sad you feel like i cannot move
things forward
that's all very typical so i want to
make sure you understand
that's very typical and you don't feel
frustrated about it
you are not alone everybody feel the
same way
what i want to do today are three things
i want to share with you in terms of how
you can think about global the word
global
differently number two how to comprehend
different elements
that you need to add or you need to set
up as a part of your plan
number three localization and the
repurposing of the content
right so these are the three topics i
want to talk about
number one is what i focus on for
majority of my webinar
from my perspective many b2b marketers
love to get templates
and they'd love to dive into a know-how
immediately what i've done marketing for
a long time
and i have noticed you need to actually
focus on your thinking approach
it's what i call a critical thinking how
do you approach a specific
problem right understand how you can
address that
the cup the templates will come later
but most of us including myself a lot of
time i was like tell me how to do it
all right give me a template so i can
copy or modify
but really the things i want to talk
about today good chunk of it is help you
how to think
to approach this specific topic then i
will provide the templates that you can
use
and i will address the localization and
the repurposing of content
so in terms of scaling the global
content marketing strategy we need to
break down to two elements
one is content marketing the other one
is global
right i want to define this so you
understand what that means
and we are on the same page the content
marketing why do we content why do we do
content marketing
at the end of the day we want to acquire
new customers and also increase
business increase revenue from existing
customers
that's the main reason we share content
marketing content marketing
is basically want to at the end of the
day ultimately is you need to
retain your customers and also get new
accounts
let's be very honest about that okay
but the way that we're gonna do is we
are going to share relevant valuable and
engaging content
it's something that's valuable to our
audience
so you don't create content for the sake
of content that's content marketing
the next i want to talk about is global
when i speak global it stresses people
out
they were like oh my god i need to think
about 129 countries out there
no when i'm talking about global
especially on the client side
if you're on the client side or if
you're an agency working with a client
you need to define global in the sense
of internal communication
and collaboration does that make sense
when
a company decides to do a global content
plan
that means they have they have grown
outside of their country or they have a
ground
outside a specific region right
so if that's the case it's the
headquarters
and the local and regions that work
together
so when i'm looking at the global
content plan
i'm thinking through inside of your
company
what can you do to make sure the local
level
and you are working together does that
make sense
that's the global content marketing plan
i'm talking about
so i'm not necessarily talking about oh
my god how to scale the content to 129
countries
that will discuss it but we need to
discuss it in
a plan in a process in a collaboration
type of manner so the holy grail
of any kind of global content marketing
plan is the hq and local
on the same page they're on the same
page on a couple of things strategy
people processing tools and the budget
right it's basically you guys are doing
it together
moving forward right it's not like you
yourself creating a global marketing
plan you need somebody to actually work
with you to make that happen
so the plan i'm going to share with you
have two
elements on every single um
uh session every single section has two
elements you have to consider there's a
global
there's a local when i say global it's
basically the headquarters direction
okay when i say global like i said it's
a headquarter your
your headquarter or your um your culprit
have a specific direction in terms of
what needs to be done and there's a
local
need that the local team knew to elevate
and voice their concerns so every single
element should have the headquarter
voice
also should have local elements that's
what i'm talking about global elements
and the local elements
and for many of you have come to my
sessions multiple times
they are when i talk about plans i want
to talk about
several elements that needs to be
included in that plan
and by the way mine is not perfect
that you have to take my templates and
you have to modify as you see fit
does that make sense there might be
additional elements you need to edit
but i'm identifying key elements that
needs to be added as your content plan
number one is what do we want to
accomplish as a part of content plan
to whom do we market right who do we
create the content for and what is
editorial plan and the content role map
what can we say and how much money do we
need
what is the measurement of success so
those are the key element that needs to
be part of the content
plan and i talked about templates
everybody loves templates i do too
so the template part of it is really
like
translating the questions into a certain
templates that you can follow
two-pager persona high-level editorial
messaging framework budget breakdown and
the key performance
indicators what do we want to accomplish
that's what i call two-pager if you have
attended
my webinars in the past or seven key
elements of a marketing plan
they talk about two-pager and for this
specific two pagers
i modify it's slightly different
slightly different
than the two pager i shared with you in
my previous session that talking about
the overall marketing plan
and in general i encourage all my
clients
and all the people who attend my
webinars when you create
any marketing plan you need to have
an executive summary as
the cover of your plan okay don't start
like going to a detail
but create a summary that your senior
management
or your marketing peers can look into
these two pager
and say okay i know exactly what pm
wants to talk about
right so these two paper from my
perspective is super critical you can
modify as you see fit
it always starts with the business goal
the business objective
marketing objective giving that this is
content marketing plan
and then you have a content marketing
objective which is a sub category
of the marketing objectives overall does
that make sense
okay once you have that who are
people that you are going to create
content for
the buyer's persona and uh giving that
this is a global content marketing plan
what are some of the target countries
you want to go after
that you are you prioritize in languages
for the translation
uh target countries canada maybe for the
languages needs to be english
and canadian french for that matter so
the countries and languages are not
necessarily
exactly the same the key tactics what
you want to do and the kpi
which is key performance indicators if
you actually have these two
pager as your cover of your marketing
plan
you pretty much provided a summary to
your senior management
and also your stakeholders in terms of
what you want to do
they can look at this and they go uh-huh
uh-huh okay i get it i disagree with you
i agree with you
but it's a summary level that aligns
everybody
so let me share this with you the
business goal is usually revenue
percentage of growth from year to year
or market segment share
right mss so it can be revenue mss
or the percentage of growth from year to
year the business objective
what is the annual business objective
you want to accomplish as a team
at a company level at a high level right
now you narrow that down to the
marketing objectives in general
on the b2b marketing side we are doing a
couple things
we want to build a company as a thought
leader right
that's one objective or we want to build
a broad brain awareness
that's another objective the other ones
drive demands
in general the marketing objective is
very similar
from company to company so you can use
this
as a template then once you have that
move that down one level what are some
of the
content marketing objectives that you
want to accomplish
to meet that marketing objectives above
does that make sense so right here you
go down to a little bit details
all right so we want to support the
company
as a trusted staff leader in a certain
industry
well we need to deliver valuable
education content to multiple marketing
channels for dimension for example
so you have to listen in terms of what
are some of the content that you want to
create for thought leadership
and what is your pr play for that
and for the dimensions specifically
deliver valuable educational content
through multiple marketing channels
in terms of what in how many countries
support the language integrated
marketing campaigns in this country with
relevant compelling content
so listed for any kind of non-priority
countries you're going to create some
sort of content kit to actually support
them
does that make sense so listed some of
the content marketing objectives that
you want to do to actually support your
marketing
overall marketing objectives and then of
course your buyer's personas
the target countries the languages and
when you do a key tactics right here
remember i'm talking about global
content plan
the global content plan again at the
headquarters level what are you going to
do
at the geographies and the country level
what will they do
so have some keys tactics that you can
uh list it and kind of tell everybody in
terms of what you will do
like for example there are certain
content will be created by headquarters
but there are certain content will be
localized and translate at the local
level
and also they probably focus on the
content uh marketing campaigns
right the other one have to do a lot of
pay marketing campaigns
at the local level it may not be at the
corporate level
so you can kind of differentiate who is
doing what
then the key performance indicators you
know
focus on the contents contribution
what is content's contribution to leads
at a local level and this probably needs
to be tracked at the local level that's
not something corporate can track
unless your market integration
is done at a corporate level and
everything every country is using
exactly the same martech tools
if they are all using the same cim if
they are using all the same marketing
automations
then at the corporate level you can
track that if you don't have
the technology integrated fully
then a lot of these information needs to
come at the local level at the country
level does that make sense
and if you do product launches what is
the press coverage
positive press coverage and the
downloads on the website
this might be track at the hq level
content creation who is creating
and how many is i localize it does that
make sense
so this is a kind of nice light
a lot of time i want to tell you when
you create your plan
a lot of factors or a lot of content
planning has not been done it's okay you
can put the placeholder first
and then determine what you want to add
right
so in general for that two-pager it
needs to be led
let me say let me say that one more time
it needs to be led by headquarters or
the culprit
you have to leave that marketing effort
in terms of driving the two-pager this
is not something that the country or
local level can do
so have you noticed i'm talking about
global elements and the local element as
a part of plan
this is how you need to look at it for
every single section of your plan
same thing for the persona right
persona very important when you
personally identify
it will guide your messaging development
and also
drive your content editorial planning
so the persona is very very critical and
if your company has like 18 to 20
persona you
have to prioritize it then there's
another layer to that
is once you prioritize it you have to
think through for that specific persona
do we need to have a local
version of it right so for example lewis
lane
persona right but i market my product
also to china
and do i need a chinese version of it
right this has got to be a conversation
with your marketing team based in china
isn't necessary you have to look at the
commonality between
the local persona and also the corporate
persona
here is a covert persona but in the
content marketing
i kind of took this one and i made some
changes
right here right for content marketing
if i want to do a content marketing i
want to talk about
lewis lane and she is interested in the
crime data related to cyber crime
human trafficking sex related offenses
heroisms whatever topic so identify a
specific topic that she is interested
and this information will give me a clue
in terms of editorial i want to do
she loves long-form content okay that
gives me a clue
that the content i created a good chunk
of it probably needs to be long form
but she watches video and listen to
podcasts oh oh
that means i probably have to look into
a video formats and also
audio format if necessary right she uses
her mobile phone on regular basis to
read content
that gives me an information that the
content i created needs to be
dynamically scaled for
mobile phone and she's on twitter 24 7.
if she's on twitter 24 7 guess what one
of the channels that we are going to use
is going to be on twitter does that make
sense you
have to modify your corporate version
and when you are looking into content
marketing you have to write in a way
that
how that fits into your content planning
and to showcase that you understand
the persona from content marketing's
perspective
and then compare that information say
with the local persona
and determine if they are completely
different
or they are very similar if they are
very similar
you can use this version applied to all
other countries but if they are
different then you need to think through
in terms of what are the differences
for the in li which is a chinese version
she probably used wechat she doesn't use
twitter but she used wechat
so if that's the case and then we need
to think through in terms of
if we want to syndicate the content on
the chinese channel
what needs to be changed
how many personas well
the fewer the better okay
in general if you look at the two-pager
i share with you
i talk about two or three personas the
bottom line is
you have limited amount of budget and
resources
all right you cannot make everybody
happy
in the company your senior management
your product team say we have to market
to this 18 percent now
no you can't you don't have a limited
amount of budget therefore it's very
important to narrow down
the people you want to go after my
recommendation is 203
okay if you can find commonalities
and you don't have to create localized
persona that's even better
but sometimes you have to i totally
understand that
right so trying to find that balance in
terms of number of the persona you need
and the most important thing you have to
consider your budget
if your management are telling you you
have to market your 18 persona ask them
for budget
basically tell them for this kind of
budget or this kind of uh
resources we can only do this much does
that make sense
you need to have that very honest
conversation
with your management a lot of people
will ask me okay what is the priority
countries
and that it depends on companies and
what i have seen
based on my experience working with many
enterprises
typical priority country tend to be us
germany uk japan
australia and korea for developed
countries for
emerging countries tend to be brazil
china russia india
indonesia or malaysia but i'm not saying
these are the one that you should follow
that's not my point
my point is based on my experience
working with many enterprises
these tend to be the countries they
prioritize
but if you are not one of these
countries don't worry about it you still
should voice your concern
and have a friend conversation with your
headquarters
okay another thing i want to share with
you i do actually have a facebook
community called build your marketing
skills to get ahead
and if you are interested and would like
to ask me questions you can always send
me an email hello pmdinner.com
or reach out to me on any social media
channels
or you can join our facebook community
they answer
everybody's question personally i do
okay
by the way pam sergeant what we have one
questions from ty
lee joy should this be a different plan
for
a product you know that's actually a
great question
i personally would not create um
a content marketing plan for uh
different products
however i understand
in the big companies like microsoft
being division
you know being microsoft being that
division is like a billion dollar
division
if you are supporting them you probably
have to create for that specific product
they have office 365. if you want to
create a content marketing plan
for office office 365 that has to be
a marketing plan of its own but if you
are a mid-sized company
or you are a small company do you have
to create that for different
products and as a different version of
plans
my recommendation is that should be
budget driven
if you have three million dollars on the
content side
and maybe that warrants a content
marketing claim of its own
but if your budget is very small and you
support multiple products and multiple
division
you should create just one and what
everybody
have a holistic view in terms of what
your plan will look like
how you support different divisions does
that make sense
so from my perspective that really
depends
i will look at the budget first and use
that as a factor to make that
determination
more than happy to talk to you a little
bit more offline i hope that answers
your question a little bit if nothing
else get you start thinking about the
approach that you want to take
okay good question though by the way
keep it coming
the next things i want to talk about the
biggest element
of a content marketing plan from my
perspective is editorial plan
you need to somehow show some sort of
content role map
okay you need to actually have in your
content marketing plan you need to have
some sort of content
that you think through in terms of what
you want to publish
in next quarters or the coming year
and there are ways to do editorial plan
there's not one way that you can do it i
want to show you three different ways
to get you thinking again right here
the purpose of all my webinar is i want
to help you to think
like you need to you need to understand
how to think
the way you think will help you to solve
the problem
and determine the approaches that you
want to take in terms of what needs to
be done
does that make sense so the three
editorial plan i want to share with you
number one you can call it um
buyer's journey but it doesn't have to
be kind of like the stages that people
go through to buy your product
right for a lot of b2b companies you
know they have learned about your
product
and then once they learn about the
product they feel there's a need
they have to plan it to determine how
they want to buy
because a lot of time the enterprise
product it takes time
to actually uh source the right products
uh before they buy
so they have the plan they have to make
a decision in terms of how
uh the of what decision that needs to be
made
which is a sorting decision and then
they make a purchase
you have to think through in terms of
within your company do you actually have
kind of like a stages
a purchase stage that your company as a
whole and agree
in terms of
unplanned design and purchase which is
kind of nice right
and you can provide a definition in
terms of from users perspective
i have an issue about something and i
need to address these issues
all right plan is what do i do how do i
do a research
to solve the problem decision you know
what tools do i need how can i get
people to come together to solve this
problem to help make decisions and then
make a purchase
if you have this you can create this
template and then you can identify some
of the contents that you want to create
those contents like i said may be very
common
and may not rank you very high
organically like if you are learning
something about specific technology 10
things you need to know about
is a technological product the future
trends of
your products or the technology that
adjacent to it
all right and a certain type of cloud a
cyber security 101
for example what a specific technology
so you can see right here i created some
sort of templates
to get you think in terms of type of
content that you can create
right it's that right here it's not
necessary try to create something
to game up on google to make sure it
rank higher
you create this because you want to be
helpful to
your potential prospects and you know
they are looking for something
like this and you want to create the
blog uh the
content that related to addressing their
issue
and also specific buying stage i have
people come to me and say
pam those are very common topics i
cannot win on seo
i am not here to win on seo i'm not here
to tell you that
creators can actually rank you higher
organically
but thinking from the perspective that
you create this try to help your
customers
or your prospects does that make sense
so it's a different objective
so that's one way of creating editorial
another way by time
can you because you create an editorial
and you know that what kind of content
you're going to create in q1
what kind of content you're going to
create in q2 q3 and q4
so maybe you have a specific themes
associated with it
right here and uh this is more b2c my
example is for a boutique hotel then you
identify what some of the content that
you can create
in addition and related to the q1 q2 q3
and q4
so this is based on time what content
will be created when
and this is based on some sort of
learning stage
this is another way it's kind of more
like a customer journey
people become aware of your products or
because
they have a specific pinpoint they want
to address
then they start educating them and
uh doing a lot of google search talk to
their peers
right and they select the content they
try to do onboarding
and then they try to expand right so
again this is kind of more
uh on the customer journey but it's a
slightly different than this one
they are very similar but they are
different but this is really focused on
a customer journey from the time they
become aware of their problem down to
expand to a multiple different divisions
or
different manufacturing sites for each
one of them can you identify
the specific questions that they are
asking
you know during an awareness stage what
type of question they are asking
have those questions and then create the
content associated with that questions
does that make sense so when you are
looking for editorial
there are many ways to do your editorial
planning
i would suggest you can do time you can
do
uh like certain stages or you can do a
customer journey
right again you don't have to list
all the content the list of content that
from your perspective
is relevant is key it's something that
either at the global level
that it will be scaled down to the local
or the country level
i'm not asking you to list all the
content that's not my point
all right there's not two
layers of complexity in terms of content
editorial planning one is repurposing
the content
the other one is the translation and
localization of content right
so when you do editorial you're like oh
my god i created one slide it looks
great
fantastic but there are two more layers
you have to consider and you have to
address as a part of this session
for example you have a one to 18 page
white paper
this is great you know everybody love
loan form
but for this you probably can uh create
a presentation
you probably can do five short blog
posts you probably can do it
infographics
you can do a video animation you can do
a podcast interview with author
if you have a podcast you can do a
whiteboard exercise
you know by intel i was working with
intel at that time
with uh your subject matter expert right
so here is there are different ways to
repurposing
your content right if you actually have
a millennial study in china germany
or in the us right there are three
separate studies
you can also combine them into an
international study
right this is another using
consolidating several small pieces of
content into one
if you want to be really sophisticated
you can put different pieces of content
together
creating to create new content
customers sharing their pain points
right and then ceo
announced a new product to address that
pain point you can add these two
together
you add 304 slides to show the new
product benefit
boom that's a new video so there are
multiple ways to actually repurposing
the content
now this layer has a complexity
on the global content right so if you
are repurposing content
right they probably can do it at the
local level
but how are you going to showcase this
as a part of your editorial plan
it's hard it's hard right
another layer is language localization
right colors and for example the color
of wedding dress is not necessary why in
some countries like in china
is red red is great red is new
white when you celebrate the holiday the
chinese new year
jewish new year's islamic new year right
a different holiday
right so when you actually uh uh like a
holiday blog post
in the u.s i'm telling you that's
not going to be like necessary or the
time
is not the most relevant uh in china for
example
right sports footballs in the us versus
football in the rest of the world do i
have to say
anything more on that one religion i
really don't have to address that one
fiscal year in china's one of the
biggest shopping days is november 11
11 11 that's cool singles day for us
black friday
after thanksgiving right so when you
create content especially promotional
content
the timing actually matters right what
the terminology matters right and uh
fourth sounds like that's in chinese it
is true
that's how they say it's really sound
like this in some buildings you don't
see the fourth floor
right language usage is very very
different
and becky is a pickup truck i didn't
know that
right technical and medical terminology
on the b2b side
radiation cancel therapy versus cobalt
60 they're exactly the same thing but
everybody say you're different
right i think 20 20 20 and then 66
in the uk right so you see at the six
meters when an average person
can see at a six meters and that's 20 20
when you see it 20 feet when an average
person can see at a 20 feet that's 20
20.
so this language localization adds
another layer of
complexity in terms of editorial
planning but this kind of detail
you need to be aware of it right i don't
know
it's necessary to actually have the
localization and language uh
translation issues to be brought up as a
part of your plan
but you need to make sure that you are
aware of it
and the local team is aware of it to
actually work with you to translate some
of the content at the local level
again um i also have a youtube channel
can you tell i'm a youtuber
all right if you want to check out some
of my youtube channel materials
uh feel free to subscribe i don't do my
youtube channel on regular basis
because i'm so busy and but there are
some content i'm usually pretty
passionate about and i'm very much
focused on how to
so a lot of video i created is only
eight to ten minutes long
and really really focus on how to okay
all right this is another information i
want to share with you
if you have a content management library
great great great
right and you can probably pull the
information directly from the content
management library
right what product that you are
supporting so i go back to the questions
uh the gentleman was asking the content
titles
and uh the format language
persona purchase funnel owner completion
day
so this is kind of templates but i like
like i said
companies have quite a bit of content
you cannot track
everything you can okay what you need to
look into
is what are some of the key content that
require the most budget
most budget then you should actually
have something that
you have some of the sheets that you can
track and everybody can see
does that make sense so this is one way
and that it can also be done like i said
based on your customer challenges and
the purchase journey
messaging framework again when i talk
about messaging framework you have to
look at the global level
a global level and the local level and
a lot of time many companies will say oh
i only have one messaging framework
it's a product driven and that here are
the key benefits i want to talk about
and the other feature and that these are
the key features
yes no okay if you actually have a
product
the same product you are selling across
different countries and the usage model
is exactly the same
yes but what if you have the certain
features
that is dialed up or used more
frequently in
certain countries you probably have to
dial up
certain features for that specific
country
right so now that comes back to a
customer challenges
i would strongly suggest when you are
looking at messaging framework
or your product messaging look from the
customer challenges perspective
right if and look at key countries like
us
you know spain and uh uh or
brazil you know look at some of the key
countries and see if the customer
challenges are similar
if they are yes you don't have to
localize or customize your messaging
framework too much
but if they are different then you
probably have to address that
the next thing i want to talk about is
the budget breakdown
in many many uh companies
um especially when i work with clients
uh the budget breakdown is not part of
marketing plan that's because
many companies or marketers they don't
want to share their budget
broadly and openly i totally understand
that
but as a content marketing goes good
chunk of it is production
content creation content production it
requires budget
so it's nice to actually share with
everybody be up transparent about the
content creation content production how
much it's going to cost
and you can do that by your editorial
topics you can do that by
products you can do that by you know a
translation support
you have to write those down
i work with many senior management a lot
of time they were like oh you know why i
create blog posts that should be pretty
cheap right
oh really if you want high quality one
it's kind of
expensive and also translation is not
cheap oh we can do machine
translation yes you can do machine
translation it still requires human
to kind of edit it and look at the
machine's translation make sure it's
proper and fitting
right so that still requires time and
budget so
make sure that you have budget and the
showcase that
and share that with the management i
always suggest
um people to break down by quarter right
the annual budget is like oh my god
it's very hard for management to swallow
but if you break it down by quarter
you know it's kind of easy to show like
okay it's not expensive
so we look at four quarters and
sometimes your q2 and q3 budget will go
up tremendously and you can call it out
that has a lot to do with product
launches
for example right so this is how to
showcase the budget summary
the next i want to talk about is uh kpi
all right this is hard you know why it's
so hard
that has a lot to do content is content
is content
something by itself doesn't do what
right a blog post you created a blog
post
right that's just a blog post but that
blog post
needs to be uploaded to your website so
it's a function
of a marketing channel let me say that
again
any content you created is just a
content all by itself
but for content needs to be effective
you have to see that as a part
of a marketing channel right so you have
to upload
uh your blog post to the website
and you can probably do uh email
marketing
the same blog post that can be part of
email outreach
again all this is part of a
marketing channel right it cannot stand
alone that's why it's so hard to measure
content for the content contribution
because
it has to be part of something
so with that being said when you are
trying to
measure the the content you really have
to think through in terms of how the
content is
used for different channels and
their metric should also be part of your
metrics
does that make sense like for example
the event collateral they put
your content on the table of the event
right but the way that you're going to
measure that is the number of
quality it's the business card that's
collected
how how does that contribute to in terms
of a number
of the business leads or the business
card that was collected at the event
right when you do a social media drive
the traffic
to the website that has a lot to do
number of the views numbers like number
share and you were like
okay this is kind of redundant no it's
not necessarily
it's you are part of your metrics and
that's something you have to educate
your management does that make sense the
most important thing
you can see i actually have like the
different
the channel specific metrics here but
the important metrics that you need to
know
is how can you tie some of your content
effort for the impact of your content
into the two pager right the content
that the the metrics that was
indicated as a part of two pagers event
can you look into a number of qualified
mql right this
has a lot to do with come down to the
two pagers
and the social media is not necessary
number of the
likes views and shares it's really you
know if the call to action gets to sign
up for the webinars and the con
contact sales team can you track that
the email campaigns what is specific
call to action again
contact sales and the webinar signed up
right so
i would can you tie your content effort
to a very specific call to action
to something that the management cares
and even print ads a lot of time has qr
code
right can you track how many people
download the qr codes
so that i with a a a a
metric from my perspective is not has a
whole lot it's a
has a little bit more meaning to it does
that make sense can actually tie
more to sales not directly but
it's indirectly more high to the sales
team
okay so i talked about all those key
elements
in terms of a global um content plan
like i said when i look at that i'm
looking internally
in terms of how you guys how the
internal team especially the local team
and the corporate team can work together
so you have to work together in terms of
the business goals metrics
and also determine contents outline
contribution this is the important part
the discussion needs to happen that's
what i'm trying to say
agree on a number of the pieces of
content that you will do
and will produce and also what will be
localized and translated
and i always suggest that for content
marketing team you need to call on lead
generation and campaign metrics
so a lot of the time the email marketing
team they have their own
metrics but you need to co-own that with
them okay tell them hey i'm contributing
that's called that that that the metrics
together
find ways to add value to your local
teams and establish a regular
communication process
so i actually wrote a very specific blog
post in terms of how to build that
communication process
on the bottom of that blog post i talk
about genders
agendas that you can use when you build
that communication process
here is the truth when you are working
on the global marketing plan
there's a lot of dramas and chaos okay
seriously they are you just have to
embrace it
there's not much to it okay it's
complicated
it is i say that from the beginning i'm
going to say that at the end
there's no shortcut a lot of times
people will come to me and say
i'm looking for a more easier way to do
it
for global content there's no easy way
even the templates i'm sharing with you
it takes time and effort
and working through the humps
to get to the point that you have
something that you can share with your
management
that's i have not seriously if you have
a shortcut please share with me
i have not found a shortcut so
i just want to let you know that this is
something you have to work through
and i hope some of the elements that i'm
sharing with you
is helpful so for today
these are the three objectives i want to
help you think the global a little bit
differently
and for your plan there's a global
element there's a local element
right and i share six or seven elements
in terms of what you can
incorporate as a part of your content
marketing plan
and i also talk about the localization
and repurpose of content
that like itself that has another
complexity to it
but that's something that needs to be
considered i do quite a bit of speaking
keynote workshop and training if you
need any help on that
to help your internal team to educate
you know in terms of content marketing
what i'm happy to help raise your hand
i do a lot of one-on-one mentoring and
coaching as well
um most of the time the clients hire me
to do consulting work i'm usually
in the trenches with them trying to get
things done
so and i do content marketing sales
enablement messaging framework
um tech planning implementation etc
all right that's it i know the webinar
is a little long
but i hope you find it useful and
relevant if you have any questions reach
out to me anytime
on any social media channels or email me
hello pmdinner.com
if you like the content i publish
content like this on a regular basis
so subscribe below and i love love love
to hear from you
take care bye